as far back as I can remember I always
wanted to be a gangster I know I'd go
from rags to riches to me being a
gangster was better than being president
of the United States never write on your
friends and always keep your matching
and then being somebody in the
neighborhood that was full of nobodies
hi mom what do you think you look like a
gangster
yeah by the time I grew up there was 30
billion a year in cargo moving through
Idlewild Airport and believe me we tried
to steal every bit of it you might know
who we are but we know who you are
understand yeah what kind of people are
these what do you do I'm in construction
oh if we wanted something we just took
it and you didn't even think about it
tell us it was better than Citibank nice
wait what nice [ __ ]
you got some nerve standing me off
nobody does that to me who the hell do
you think you are Frankie Valli or some
wine a big shot
I was living in a fantasy he's not
Jewish for most of the guys killings got
to be accepted murder was the only way
that everybody stayed in line we're
gonna do with you we can't just dump a
modest streamer and go play some safe a
little fun you got out of line you got
whacked everybody knew the rules hey
Henry he's off very funny please there's
a leg and a wing do what do you like
nothing in a week okay you ready for us
to live any other way was nuts anything
I wanted was a phone call away and we
were treated like movie stars with
muscle we had it all just for the asking
gonna be a good summer it was a glorious
time
in a world that's powered by violence on
the streets where the violent have power
a new generation carries on an old
tradition